Can you tell me anything since you've been here?
Have you had any bad droughts or heavy rains that
have really hurt the Bryan-Claude Station area
that you know of?
Oh,
not anything catastrophic that I know of. And
heavy
rains coming in here messed
up the bomber at different times. There's been a
hell of a lot of dry weather all along. But not, you
know, we haven't had any floods to speak of. You
know, we've had floods in Bryan. You know, we've
got some out in Carter Creek and some places
like this. Nothing major. You don't have any...
The effects of any hurricanes that hit the coast.
One that never bothered me while we were here was
the one that borrowed my house. It's a two. It's a
two. And it was lucky. That's when we got all the
people from the coast. People put them up in their
homes. When I was back when I was young, I had a
Jason. And we set up all these. Have
you ever had any
I can't really say big.
When it comes to election time, like you're fixing
to have
one, can you ever remember one year or so
when it was really important? It's important
every time. When the people really got involved.
But when the people really get involved.
Nowadays, most people don't get involved in
politics. Most elections, they won't go out and
vote. Can you mirror any time where people really
were serious about it? Oh, yeah. In the city
election, I remember back here,
and I can't remember the year, but it's probably
been six, seven years ago. Six, seven.
When the people of Bryan probably got more
involved in the city election than they ever did at
any time, that's when they had a slated option that
we all thought we were going to get elected. Again,
talking about the legislature, we were all
backing it on, and they all got defeated.
And the common man, George said, yes, we've got an
office.
Probably did about as good a job as any city council
member. He's still in office? The whole slate
hasn't gotten off. That's back when they elected
the city commission and they elected their own
mayor out of their group. They had the mayor and
council. And they elected five of them each time.
And they elected that slate five times.
There was some good people, huh? Both sides. It
kind of shocked everybody. A year ago, the mayor's
race was real close. I had a lot of people involved.
That's what Laura Jones was doing. Does Brian have
a city manager form of government? Or is he the Is
the head or is the mayor? No. Brian has the mayor and
council. No city manager. And they have a city
manager who manages them. The mayor and council
are, they run it. But the city manager administers
it. Brian Mayer, I think, makes $10 a month. The
council makes $1 a month. Something like that.
Well, the city manager makes $4 a month.
They do have cities where that's why I just want to
make sure. Has there ever been a thought where they
want to change the system? The city manager might
be over the mayor? No.
Now, I don't think
it works. I don't think it works. Have you ever had
any,
this is going
again on politics and all, have you ever had any
problems or any issues about rezoning the city?
I've had quite an issue twice since I've been here.
And I would like to be in to some extent, I guess.
About zoning, period. I have no zoning. You have no
zoning? I have no zoning. I was bothered on the
building down here. What
do you think? Is Bryan College Station very bad on
ethnic discrimination? Where you're going to a
restaurant, they make the blacks sit in one room
and all there's nothing. They treat everybody as
equal. We have blacks living all over. And that's
how you live in everything. I know. Just down
Columbus. It's pretty bad. Small town. I'm sure. I
don't know. I'm sure.
We have a black movie about what house not suddenly
just started. Sure
should be up. What do you think we can do about it? I
didn't care if you lived out there. I don't live
there anyway, so. But what, you know, I was upset
about the thing that was going to affect selling
our houses. And we sold several custom houses
to people. So I went to every one of them and told
them. The black blooded in there. I didn't want to
have trouble then, you know. We got the thing
built. They wanted out of contact with me out
there. We had not
won.
Perfectly.
I swear. It's strange. A man threw a gas gun at me.
Oh,
he asked me, he said, would you tell him to gas that
man? I said, I don't want to get any food. I think...
Racial discrimination
behind the dollar station is
certainly not bad. I don't see it as bad. I don't see
what I'm doing. I know the off-street block people
come down here and they
disagree to hell with me. I know the blacks and the
Chicano's.
But they're qualified. I think we'll all hire
them. We can't find them qualified. And we can't
hire hard-hitting blacks anymore. Now, on our
construction jobs 10 years ago, we had all kind of
blacks. And the only one that we've got now is our
plumber. He's a contractor. He's probably the
best plumber contractor I've ever had work with. I
think as much as any man works for him. But he's the
only one. He's not out there. It's hard to find a job
here. No, it's hard to find somebody to work here.
We'd put anybody to work if they had work right now.
I heard there wasn't too many jobs here. What would
you define? Construction? Well, not only
construction, anything in general. Anything to
make a living. A man want to work in this town, he can
get a job and make a living. He can. He doesn't have
to go to Houston or Dallas.
She'd go down there, and I'm not out here on that.
You can talk and say, yeah, there's some boys,
boys, biggies. I'm going to be a biggie. But I know
for a fact she'd go to the son and text the father.
I promise I know a boy down there going down to the
father and make sure the job will be tight. And why
they keep paying them down to the father, I don't
know, and they work. But that's a fact. They don't
know how to do anything. Anything they're
qualified to do. But we can't hire them. That's my
parents.
Yeah.
It's
pretty interesting. Do you think, going
back just a little bit, back to the college, do you
think, what do you think about the football team?
Is that affected?
people around her in the spirit.
Whereas everybody talks about the football team.
I've never seen so much advertisement to go up to a
Ramada Inn in Texas Avenue and after every fire
they have to post up the scores. During the fall of
the year, this community is Tied up almost 100% in
that Texas A&M football. They're pretty proud of
the team. That's right.
They're like football fans, I guess, the world
over. We had to see them get weak. I'm not angry with
them. I'm on the opposite end, I guess, like all of
you. Had a 10-2 season last year. One of the better
records in the country. But you don't hear much
good about football, do you? They lost those last
two games, of course. The Aggie fans aren't all
bad, I guess. They like to win. Of course, I
understand you can't get tickets out of the
National League. I like the spirit of Aggieland.
It's great. I'm sure a lot of people don't like
football, but it's all good. Off the top of your
head.
Do
you think
that attracts people moving here? Okay.
I'm
going
to round this off now. Is there anything else that
you want to add? You asked it earlier. I thank you
for calling me. I appreciate it and so forth. Hey,
look.
uh... uh... uh...
And
I don't
think
anyone in the
world, the committee, It's
too much for the city to afford.
That's right.
And we've got a bond collection
tomorrow. A revenue bond against the dam, the
power plant, and so forth.
Empty thing. There's a city on the opposite of
private enterprise. That's a bond issue. Now what
are they going to do after this thing? Fifteen
million dollars so far in their sales. The law
wouldn't be in place. They don't get more bond
money than they do. Just by talking to people, do
you think they voted against it or for it? I thought
it was a package. But I haven't talked to a lot of
them. But the working class people, they've come
up with a vote. The bond issue, they've been
defeated a lot more than the people last two years
in the past. You know, we had this blue ribbon on the
ground. If all these plans of Brian May's have been
with College Station, and they jump up into
College Station, they look good, but they're
down. I mean,
they're not prepared for dusting. At the College
Station, it's pretty good-sized dusting. And so
that may affect this bond issue, but people think,
you know, these College Station don't need that
power plant. What's the need? We've got that power
plant. We're old. We get old with it. They're not an
issue. But I think probably that is the biggest
problem with saving lives
in the future. Well, I sure do appreciate it. I hope
I helped
you. Okay, thank you.